yourusername.github.io/
│
├── _config.yml          # Basic site settings (keep it empty or minimal)
├── _layouts/            # Replaces your Flask "templates" folder
│   └── base.html        # Your global master layout with Navbar
├── index.html           # Home page
├── data-science.html    # Data Science page
├── qa.html              # Q&A Accordion page
└── math-club/           # Folder for sub-routes
    ├── hpl.html         
    ├── sdg.html         
    └── training-camp.html


-------------------------


Hello, I want to make a GitHub pages for the following website....
I will tell what is there in each pages - 

1) index page
There is the home page(main page)
where there will be mainly paragraphs and it will be having a navigation bar that will have the connections to other pages

2) Data-science-project page
this page will have 
- navigation
- paragraphs (in containers)
- it will have attached pics/ graphs / docs
- it will have embedded forms in those containers

3) there will be hits math club page -
it will have images an d docs attached...

it will have 3 subpages
a) HPL - this will have image carousel, video embed from you tube, images and paragraphs each in their respective containers
b) SDG - Image carousel and images and paraphs and etc in each container
c) Training camp - docs, attached drive embedded, images, test(gform embedded) -- each in a container

4) personal - navigation (like others and every page on the top heading/ sidebar) -image carousel - pics, etc

5) QA - this will have drive embedded, there will be drop down QA


make it so that this can be viewed by a phone /tab/ laptop -- make it flexible (no fixed width/height)

------------------


Can u write a Mail so that Students fill this form - 

Main Objectives -
1) People visit the Form 
2) People visit the Site
3) People fill the form

Here is the demo,

Hi Guys, 
I am Timothy from Hindustan Math deprtment. (You guys remember filling a form related to College stress Sleep)
well, here are the results - *data site first link*

also, I am continuing in my journey and I want to make another as I am not satisfied by the results. You cannot believe how long it takes to make Graphs using Google Sheets. Making Grpahs took all the energy. Man, looking back that day -- what a waste I feel -- You cannot believe how long it took (5 Hours on the Document)

Guys definetly see the Document. Here it is -- data site in the above website.
Also, What do u feel about the site ?? -- Yes It took 1 full day 12 hours making this (Sad emoji)

But, Now, I have a site that can b accessed by all and Full transepancy. 
I am viewing this Person to learn all about Data Cleaning and if u visit this site  -- *My second link*

You can find out more. Please my sincere request -- Can u fill this new form -- * hird link but this to gform*

The main motives is to work with more data. Also, Please forward this --> I need 100+ data entires 

Last time I got only 77 

Your friend, Timothy 



---------------

Hi Guys,

I am Timothy from the Hindustan Math department. You might remember a while back I asked you to fill out a form about college stress and sleep habits.
(Or I asked your seniors, to force you to fill it 😂🤣)

Well, the results are finally ready! You can check out all the data here:
👉 Data form link

I am still continuing on my data journey, but honestly, I wasn't completely satisfied with the first round of results. Making those graphs in Google Sheets drained absolutely all my energy. It took me 5 solid hours just working on that document. Looking back, I can't believe how much time it took! 😅

I wanted full transparency so everyone could access the data, so I spent a full 12-hour day building that website. (Yes, it took a whole day 🥲). Definitely take a look at the document on the site above—I would love to know what you think of it!

Now, I am shifting gears to learn all about Data Cleaning. If you want to see where I am learning from, you can visit this page:
👉 Interesting Finds

Because I need to practice working with more information, I have a sincere request: Could you please take a few minutes to fill out my new form? 
👉  College Students Exam Time Routine

Last time, we hit 77 responses. This time, my goal is to smash past 100+ data entries!

It would mean a lot to me if you could fill it out and please forward this email to your friends to help me reach the goal.

Thanks so much for your help!

Your friend,
Timothy


